README.md, before:

# Simple Seablock

[Simple Seablock on Factorio mod portal](https://mods.factorio.com/mod/SimpleSeablock)

Start on a 1-tile island. Generate resources instead of mining them. Expand with landfill.

Now supports all vanilla planets with seablock/lavablock/etc setups. If playing with modded planets, they will use regular generation. You'll also want to go into the mod options and re-enable things like drills and pumpjacks.

Treat other planets like Aquilo early on - you'll need to bring lots of stuff with you to progress, and make sure you have your planetary logistics set up before you go or you may become stranded.

Heavily inspired by the original [Sea Block](https://mods.factorio.com/mod/SeaBlock), but this is based on a primarily vanilla Factorio tech tree with minimal changes instead of the AngelBob suite.

Changes from Vanilla tech tree

- Chemical plant pulls sediment from water, refine sediment into stone and ore
- Use agricultural towers and tree seeds to farm wood from the start of the game
- Furnace recipe for wood to charcoal
- Cracking and coal liquefaction available as green-tier research
- Similar tech tweaks as above for other planets
- Foundation much earlier on the tech tree and much cheaper

Differences from the pre-Space Age version of this mod:

- No longer dependent on Bob's Greenhouses or any other mods (except Space Age).
- No more Electrolyzer or any non-Vanilla machines. Chemical Plant handles sediment extraction on Nauvis.
- No longer necessary to select a specific map generation type. Seablock generation applies as long as you have the mod installed.

Credits

- Uses images from [malcolmriley/unused-renders](https://github.com/malcolmriley/unused-renders)

Commit message:

feat: Any Planet Start compatibility

README.md, after:

# Simple Seablock

[Simple Seablock on Factorio mod portal](https://mods.factorio.com/mod/SimpleSeablock)

Start on a 1-tile island. Generate resources instead of mining them. Expand with landfill.

Now supports all vanilla planets with seablock/lavablock/etc setups. If playing with modded planets, they will use regular generation. You'll also want to go into the mod options and re-enable things like drills and pumpjacks.

Treat other planets like Aquilo early on - you'll need to bring lots of stuff with you to progress, and make sure you have your planetary logistics set up before you go or you may become stranded.

Heavily inspired by the original [Sea Block](https://mods.factorio.com/mod/SeaBlock), but this is based on a primarily vanilla Factorio tech tree with minimal changes instead of the AngelBob suite.

## Changes from Vanilla tech tree

- Chemical plant pulls sediment from water, refine sediment into stone and ore
- Use agricultural towers and tree seeds to farm wood from the start of the game
- Furnace recipe for wood to charcoal
- Cracking and coal liquefaction available as green-tier research
- Similar tech tweaks as above for other planets
- Foundation much earlier on the tech tree and much cheaper

## Mod/options compatibility

Due to having minimal techtree changes, this will automatically be compatible with many other mods that don't change map generation or add new planets. Some specific notes include:

- Compatible with [Any Planet Start](https://mods.factorio.com/mod/any-planet-start) starting on Vulcanus, Fulgora, or Gleba
  - Currently considered in beta, feedback is encouraged
  - Note the starting island on Nauvis and Vulcanus is *slightly* larger for technical reasons when Any Planet Start is installed
- When playing with higher values for technology price multiplier, consider enabling the mod setting "Disable technology price multiplier for starting technologies" (which is disabled by default)

Requests for compatibility with other mods can be made in the Discussion section on the mod portal or via GitHub issue, and will be considered where reasonable.

## Differences from the pre-Space Age version of this mod

- No longer dependent on Bob's Greenhouses or any other mods (except Space Age).
- No more Electrolyzer or any non-Vanilla machines. Chemical Plant handles sediment extraction on Nauvis.
- No longer necessary to select a specific map generation type. Seablock generation applies as long as you have the mod installed.

## Credits

- Uses images from [malcolmriley/unused-renders](https://github.com/malcolmriley/unused-renders)
